Mané snack me to see
yang
Yes Yes
the first units of the renovated c
max and grand c max came to the
dealers last June
these minivans of compact size
and a half with five and seven seats
respectively they have received changes
aesthetics of equipment and its offer
of engines
I
the c-max has a length of 438
meters with a width of 183 meters and
a height of 161 meters
do not
the most significant change of image
is on the front with the new
large grill and design
inspired by the sports aston martin
the windshield wipers are now
hidden and the hood has a more
cleansed
the tailgate has an appearance
more fluid thanks to the use of
innovative laser welding techniques
and the pilots have a more design
compact and modern
inside, they have improved
finished and there is a greater feeling of
quality thanks in part to the optimized
Silence of march for it was used
a greater amount of materials
insulators and absorbers and some crystals
thicker sides
a novelty in the segment is the
hands-free gate technology that
allows users to access the
trunk with a simple movement of
foot is an option that costs 600 euros and
includes keyless opening and access
the trunk offers a remarkable volume
of 471 liters that can be expanded up to
the thousand 723 liters knocking down the
rear seats
another innovation is the gasoline engine that
mounts the proven version is about
15-liter keko bus that improves on
fuel efficiency that with
like 1.6 liters which it replaces with the
blood and the aluminum cylinder head this
four cylinders in line has
Four valves per injection cylinder
direct and turbocharger ratio one
maximum power of 150 horses and a
remarkable torque that already reaches
the maximum value at 1600 revolutions per
minute and keeps it up to 4,000
revolutions per minute
the available driving force is
moves to the front wheels by
means of a 6-speed manual transmission and
you have the stop system to be
the c-max has a weight of 1,395
kilograms but the elastic motor that
It stands out for its great smoothness of march
allows you to accelerate from 0 to 100
kilometers per hour in 94 seconds and
reach a maximum speed of 204
kilometers per hour
the average consumption approved by force is
6.1 liters per 100 kilometers and in
Our test performed under conditions
dynamic we have got 9 liters per 100
kilometers the figure is high for a
car of this size power and
benefits and is above the
homologated
c-max improve their behavior
dynamic with firmer suspensions
to reduce the rolling buffers
recalibrated and with a valve design
optimized that enhance the feeling of
agility in the direction and adjustments in the
electric power steering to achieve
more precision
it has an improved version of the
city braking assistant who helps
to avoid or reduce the seriousness of
collisions at low speed in environment
urban now works at speeds of
up to 50 kilometers per hour compared to
the 30 kilometers per hour of the version
previous
the pre-collision assistant works
way similar to city braking
but with a detection range of
much larger vehicles that goes from 8 to 180
kilometers per hour
Adaptive cruise control costs
800 euros and allows to maintain a
determined distance with the vehicle
precedent although its speed is more
low than the selected cruise
more sensors have been placed
distance and now the system
assisted parking adds capacity
to park on battery and get out of the
square without touching the steering wheel also
It has cross traffic alert
for the outputs in reverse
titanium finish is the highest and
It includes safety equipment and
very broad comfort although there are quite a few
optional elements as upholstery
leather that rode the unit
tests that goes in a package that costs
two thousand euros and also includes the
electrical adjustment on the seat of the
conductor and heating in the
front seats as standard is included
the multimedia system singh 2 that
includes a touch screen of 8
inches and the amount of
The controls are also different
of the air conditioner and the console has more
space for objects between the seats
front there is a gap with large lid
capacity that includes both usb sockets
the posture during is comfortable and enjoy
of a remarkable visibility
the seats hold the body well and
there is good support for the left foot
the rear seats are quite spacious
with a more comfortable center of the
usual and adjustable air vents
of the air conditioning although the windows
backs do not come down completely
What we liked the most was the
softness and silence of the quality march
of materials and finishes and commitment
between efficiency and running comfort
I
what has been least liked have been the
high consumption that the wheel of
emergency spare is optional and the
threaded ceiling antenna that is fragile
if it costs